After we get this information, we first create indiviual weekly schedules for each student/staff with the things they are occupied with weekly. Then based on the meetings the students want (COMBO, LS, AC, SC, etc), we pair the students with the relevant staff and if the students request subject specific, it can be paired that way too. So before the semester starts, the schedules are made, the meetings are paired. Currently we use google sheets. This is because we can use the comment and "@" feature to tag and notify staff throught their work email when meetings are created and they are paired with new students or changes are made, etc. Afterwards, through email we get communication from students or students parents regarding further requests to make changes to their schedule either because they have dropped classes or do not like certain staff, etc. These disruptions are recorded sperately as conflicts on another google sheet so that us (the scheduling staff) can work on it. We also need to keep track of these changes so that when scheduling for a future semester, we know that this particular student does not like this staff but that's also another hectic thing to keep track of. So after fixing those changes the semester keeps going. Now at each meeting that's conducted, the staff conducting the meeting should create a report and submit it to the supervisor so that it can be recorded that the meeting took place. The supervisor then looks through this report and writes certain things to acknlowdge that the report is credible and sufficient progress from previous meetings and then tracks that it was reciveed and whether the meeting actually ahpepened or there was no meeting or the student/staff didn't show or it was student/staff cancellation. Regardless, a report should be submitted unless it's officially a holiday and  no meetings at all take place. So it's a lot happening and it's a strenuous task that takes place. I want to somehow create an application or use whatever resource to make this tasks simpler. Do you think it's possible, please tell me how I can proceed to make this process better and ask any questions that can help you further develop this into something good.