

Hey, I wanna make a scheduling app. I currently work for the Adelphi University Bridges to Adelphi Department, it's to help Neurodiverse students. So to help them, we have student staff (students who currently attend university) and other staff members to help them. There's are different kinds of meetings, Learning Strategist (LS), COMBO meetings, Vocational Coach (VC), Social Coach (SC), Academic Coach (AC) and Check-in. And there are operate departments, ACademic, Social and Vocational, where the supervisors look over amongst a set of staff members. So what happens is that at the start of the semester a form is sent out. For example, for the fall semester, a form is sent to students requesting their course information, the courses they are taking, so that a weekly/monthly time table could be made to understand when they have classes and where (in-person/remote etc.). Further we ask relevant questions, such as if they commute or dorm, what times they are available of the week, when do they want to have meetings (morning/afternoon) and whether they like it back to back or spread out and also if they prefer to go back home and have the bridges meetings. So we ask these sort of questions from the students. Similarly, we ask similar questions from staff, we ask them if they are students or staff of bridges, then we ask their courses for the semetster to understand times and days they are unavailable and also whether in-person or remote classes. We also ask what sort of  meetings they provide, or want to provide and what department they are under and their availability and also we ask some subjects they might speciialize in so that if studenst request meetigs with staff who specialize in a certain subject, they can be tailored to that way. Then we also ask both parties their other weekly activities that might not allow them to meet for meetings so that we get a clear picture of when they are truly available to meet for meetings either in-person or remotely (based on their preference). After we get this information, we first create indiviual weekly schedules for each student/staff with the things they are occupied with weekly. Then based on the meetings the students want (COMBO, LS, AC, SC, etc), we pair the students with the relevant staff and if the students request subject specific, it can be paired that way too. So before the semester starts, the schedules are made, the meetings are paired. Currently we use google sheets. This is because we can use the comment and "@" feature to tag and notify staff throught their work email when meetings are created and they are paired with new students or changes are made, etc. Afterwards, through email we get communication from students or students parents regarding further requests to make changes to their schedule either because they have dropped classes or do not like certain staff, etc. These disruptions are recorded sperately as conflicts on another google sheet so that us (the scheduling staff) can work on it. We also need to keep track of these changes so that when scheduling for a future semester, we know that this particular student does not like this staff but that's also another hectic thing to keep track of. So after fixing those changes the semester keeps going. Now at each meeting that's conducted, the staff conducting the meeting should create a report and submit it to the supervisor so that it can be recorded that the meeting took place. The supervisor then looks through this report and writes certain things to acknlowdge that the report is credible and sufficient progress from previous meetings and then tracks that it was reciveed and whether the meeting actually ahpepened or there was no meeting or the student/staff didn't show or it was student/staff cancellation. Regardless, a report should be submitted unless it's officially a holiday and  no meetings at all take place. So it's a lot happening and it's a strenuous task that takes place. I want to somehow create an application or use whatever resource to make this tasks simpler. Do you think it's possible, please tell me how I can proceed to make this process better and ask any questions that can help you further develop this into something good. Also remember that we also need to check if staff can meet in-person or remotely for these meetings cause if they are commuters and they are coming to university just for one in-person meeting, that doesn't make sense, so please make it logical. Also, It would be good if the app can be such a way they can view the schedule in a weekly manner so that to each date, they can check what meetings they have, who they are gonna meet, what time, where, etc. We will be keeping trancaperncy of staff and student names so that both parties konw on their schedule views who and where they are meeting. Brand style - Do both please, Apple style UI mixed with University style-theme.
For now call it Bridges as the App name
For now let's do web only and later think on mobile app.
